# LLM Code Interpreter

## About the project:

It is a web application designed to help students improve code comprehension. The application will display code samples that the students are responsible for interpreting. The interpretation is tested through the use of an LLM model, which generates code based on the prompt provided by the user.

This software also acts as a research tool for educational institutions as it collects data for code comprehension. For this purpose, it logs the prompts entered by the student and the code generated by the LLM.

To improve on this basic functionality, some unique features that will be implemented include progress analysis for each student in the form of a student dashboard. Additionally, to improve fairness due to errors caused by the LLM, the web application will include a grading flag, allowing students to directly receive manual feedback about their descriptions from the instructors themselves.

## Demo Video:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Nk50DrT_nm-lVSagYGYEJY8gfU-ulVB9/view?usp=sharing

## Docker Compose:
To prepare the docker container(s) for this project, run the following command under the project directory:

```
docker compose up
```
Ensure that all containers on docker are running before proceeding to the application VIA the following link:

http://localhost:3000


## Note for the login page:
Below are previously made accounts used for testing. You may also use the accounts by using the below credentials when loggin in:
```
username: TestUser or TestUser2 

password: test123
```

To access the instructor account, please use the credentials:
```
username: Instructor

password: test123
```


## Code Sample Prompts:

The LLM is extremely finicky, and unfortuantely no amount of prompt engineering can make it always generate working code. Code samples 3, 9, and 10 were too complicated for the LLM and were excluded. Here are some prompts to try, which (in general) will work:
```
code sample 1 (number, number) -> number :
a function that takes two numbers and returns the sum.

code sample 2 (string, number) -> string :
takes the substring from index 0 to bar of the string foo.

code sample 4 (array, number) -> boolean :
searches for a number bar in an array of numbers foo. returns a boolean on if bar is in foo.

code sample 5 (string) -> string :
takes a string and reverses it.

code sample 6 (array, array) -> array :
takes two arrays and concatenates them.

code sample 7 (array) -> string :
takes an array of strings foo, and combines all the elements into a single string. 

code sample 8 (number) -> array **very finicky LLM code! :
(This function generates an array containing the first foo numbers starting with 0 of the Fibonacci sequence.)

```

Please allow up to a minute for the LLM to comlete the generation.
Most cases will only take several seconds.
--- 

## Unit Tests:
Unit tests for internal logic are located under Project-Groups-13-Lab-B/api_promptcoded/test.

Instructions to run tests:
- Ensure the docker containers are running before proceeding to the following steps.
- Open the test.html file for the test suite you would like to run in your preferred browser. You can do this by right clicking on the .html file under the test folder, select "copy path", and paste the path in your browser's address bar.
  - Or copy into your browser: \<location of cloned repo\>/api_promptcoded/test/test.html
- All tests will automatically run when you open the page. A summary of the number of passed and failed tests, the time it took to run the tests, and progress is on the top right of the page.
- Under the header, all of the tests for the Test Suite's library are listed. A green check mark indicates the test is passing and a red x indicated the test is failing.
- To view the details of a specific test, click that test's description.
- To run a specific test again, click the run button to the right side of the page for that test.


## System/Integration Testing
System Integration testing was done manually. The system testing document for these manual tests is located on google drive, available VIA the following link:

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qosEBEF636POzpJO6LpRKkwOKU8A2ZNQ/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=105092366829095023877&rtpof=true&sd=true

### Icons and images reference 

favicon: https://icons8.com/icon/19293/code
